# DriverPass:
  In this project, I was tasked with analyzing the requirements and designing a system for the client DriverPass. After meeting with the client and understanding their requests and needs, I spent time developing a requirements document, system design document, and various diagrams to assist in the development of the system.

  DriverPass had a vision to fill an void in the market. This void was that students are failing their driving exams at the DMV. They wanted a cloud hosted, modular system, that can be easily accessed from anywhere at any time, with easily exportable reporting features built in, and would be connected to the DMV API so that information would auto-update.
  
  I excelled in analyzing the needs of the client and providing these requirements in the system requirements document. If I had the opportunity to revise one of the documents for this project, I would revise the system design document, I feel that I could add more UML Diagrams and make a few adjustments to the diagrams I have already completed.
  
  I interpreted the users needs in the system design, they wanted it to be easily available at all times with minimal input on their end. I interpreted this as a cloud based, online platform, with an API to connect to the DMV Database for regulations updates. DriverPass wanted the system to be modular, so the course material, packages available for purchase, and other core classes for the system have functions available to easily add or remove them as need be.
  
  Considering a user's needs is also very important in designing a system, I want the system to be secure and to fulfill each of the needs that a specific user needs. In this example, the end user is the Student, who needs to be able to create accounts, login to and edit their account, purchase instructional packages, make reservations for driving instruction, and contact DriverPass. However, an administrator will have different features they need to have available. Administrators would need to have access over secure features of the system such as: Resetting accounts, adding/removing accounts, restricting access, running reports, altering offering modules etc.
  
  My approach in designing software is to begin with attaining a deep understanding of the clients wants and needs. I need to understand the scope of the project, not only in terms of the size and scale, but the end vision of the system from the client's perspective. Taking the time to understand the project from the client's point of view, how they envision the system operating, and combining that with my technical knowledge and expertise, is the key to my system design methodology. Having a strong understanding of the technical side of things is also a large part of my process in analyzing and designing systems. This allows me to have a general consensus of the scale and scope of a project while communicating with clients, enabling me to provide them technical feedback for a constructive system design and development from the initial gathering of requirements, to the delivery and implementation of the system iteself.
